Update VFS transport URL parameters (#182)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/synapse-properties/transport-parameters/vfs-transport-parameters.md

            </div>
         </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>
          transport.vfs.IsMounted
        </td>
        <td>

>           When a file read/write location is a bind mount volume need to set this property to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          When a file read/write location is a bind mount volume, this property needs to be set to <code>true</code>.
```
